9.6.0 Release (#4446)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/9.6.0.md

  [our blog post](https://cypress.io/blog/2022/04/25/cypress-9-6-0-easily-test-multi-domain-workflows-with-cy-origin/).
  Addressed [#17336](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17336) and
  [#944](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/944).
  - Added a new configuration option called `experimentalSessionAndOrigin`. This
    option enables support for [`cy.session()`](/api/commands/session) and
    [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin).
  - The `experimentalSessionSupport` configuration option has been removed and
    replaced by the `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option. Please
    update your configuration to use the new `experimentalSessionAndOrigin`
    option to continue to opt-in to this experimental feature.
  - When `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` is enabled, cross-origin requests will
    no longer immediately fail, but instead, time out based on the
    [`pageLoadTimeout`](/guides/references/configuration#Timeouts)
    configuration. This allows the request to be appropriately handled by the
    [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command and if it isn't handled, it's
    assumed it was an unexpected request that should fail.

>   - When `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` is enabled, Cypress will no longer
>      wait on page loads between hooks or before moving on to the next test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` is enabled, Cypress will no longer
     wait on page loads between hooks before moving on to the next test.
```

## 9.6.0

_Released 4/25/2022_

**Features:**

- Now you can easily test multi-domain workflows by using the experimental
  [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command. This feature allows you to test
  across different origins or domains within a single test. This experiment was
  designed to work side-by-side with the [`cy.session()`](/api/commands/session)
  experimental feature. You can turn on use of this command by setting the
  [`experimentalSessionAndOrigin`](guides/references/experiments) configuration
  option to `true`. For more details, read
  [our blog post](https://cypress.io/blog/2022/04/25/cypress-9-6-0-easily-test-multi-domain-workflows-with-cy-origin/).
  Addressed [#17336](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17336) and
  [#944](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/944).
  - Added a new configuration option called `experimentalSessionAndOrigin`. This
    option enables support for [`cy.session()`](/api/commands/session) and

>     [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin). The `experimentalSessionSupport`

Reviewer 2: Suggest making the removal of the `experimentalSessionSupport` its own bullet point.

    configuration option has been removed and replaced by the
    `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option. Please update your
    configuration to use the new `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` option to
    continue to opt-in to this experimental feature.

>   - When `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` is enabled, cross-origin requests will

Reviewer 2: We should use the same phrasing as in the origin docs: https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/4439/files#diff-6eb6403162ee482d3900b46958f5ccd5597b0a53f4fd30045a4a6ef87197057fR34

    no longer immediately fail, but instead, time out based on the
    [`pageLoadTimeout`](/guides/references/configuration#Timeouts)

>     configuration. This allows the request to be appropriately handled by the
>     [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command and if it isn't handled, it's
>     assumed it was an unexpected request that should fail.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this explanation is needed in the changelog.

```suggestion
    configuration.
```

Reviewer: Typically in the changelog we provide the previous behavior on why a change was needed or what it improving. I think standalone calling this change out doesn't make sense why the change was needed. What if I slim to ```suggestion
    configuration. This allows the request to be appropriately handled by the
    [`cy.origin()`](/api/commands/origin) command.
```

>   - When `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` is enabled, Cypress will no longer
>     prevent running the next command in a hook if a page is still loading as a
>     result of a previously run command in a previous hook.

Reviewer 2: I think this working is kind of hard to understand. How about:
```suggestion
  - When `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` is enabled, Cypress will no longer
     wait on page loads between hooks or before moving on to the next test.
```

## 9.6.0

_Released 4/25/2022_

**Experiments:**

- The Sessions beta feature has been enhanced by the new beta feature which
  enables Multi-Origin support. To reflect the intent of using these experiments
  together, the `experimentalSessionSupport` configuration option has been
  replaced by the `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option. The
  behaviors and usage of the `cy.session()` command has not been changed. Please
  update your configuration to use the new `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` option

>   to continue to opt-in to this beta feature.

Author: This should just be in the features section, Experiments is not a normal section for changelogs. I really want the origin announcement to be at the top of the changelog, this is not as important to note.

**Features:**

> - We are excited to announce a new beta feature to enable Multi-Origin support.

Author: Beta and experimental are 2 very different things, we shouldn't use the world Beta in this case. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NdZdTHW0y9WCPbK6gKNZgekFvxYG7CN7F3YK93R9wHg/edit

```suggestion
- We're excited to announce a new experimental feature to enable Multi-Origin support.
```

  This feature allows a user to visit multiple domains of different origins
  within a single test. This enhances the current test experience which limits a
  user to only run assertions against a single origin in a test due to standard
  web security features of the browser. This experiment was designed to work
  side-by-wide with the Sessions beta feature. For more details, see [our blog

>   post] (TO DO). Addressed

Author: ```suggestion
  post](https://cypress.io/blog/2022/04/25/cypress-9-6-0-easily-test-multi-domain-workflows-with-cy-origin/)). Addressed
```

  [#17336](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17336) and
  [#944](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/944) -- TO DO.
  - Added a new configuration option called `experimentalSessionAndOrigin`. This
    options enabled both Session support and Multi-Origin support.
  - Added a new Cypress command, called `cy.origin()`, which enables running
    commands within multiple origins from a single test.

>   - When enabled, cross-origin requests will no longer immediately fail, but

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - When enabled, cross-origin navigations will no longer immediately fail, but
```

  within a single test. This enhances the current test experience which limits a
  user to only run assertions against a single origin in a test due to standard
  web security features of the browser. This experiment was designed to work
  side-by-wide with the Sessions beta feature. For more details, see [our blog
  post] (TO DO). Addressed
  [#17336](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17336) and
  [#944](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/944) -- TO DO.
  - Added a new configuration option called `experimentalSessionAndOrigin`. This
    options enabled both Session support and Multi-Origin support.
  - Added a new Cypress command, called `cy.origin()`, which enables running
    commands within multiple origins from a single test.
  - When enabled, cross-origin requests will no longer immediately fail, but
    instead use the `pageLoadTimeout` configuration as the timeout value. This
    allows the request to be appropriately handled by the `cy.origin()` command
    and if it is not handled, it's assumed it was an unexpected request that
    should fail.
  - When enabled, tests will no longer wait for the page to load before starting
    the next tests.

> 

Reviewer: @jennifer-shehane do you feel like the last two bullets are too much? I'm feeling yes. People can read these points in the blog post & the doc page.
